If you'd like to share a bboard advertisement on a text based game you currently play on, this is a suggested text.


> +bb What it's called: Pegasus Project%r%rWhat it is:%r%r%tMost of you know about Evennia by now.  If you don't, check them out at http://evennia.com.  It's a new type of mu* server.  The Pegasus Project is an Open Source project started by Taladan@M*U*S*H to provide a standardized suite of tools that most MU*'ers are used to, retooled to take advantage of the flexibilities of python and Evennia.  We are currently looking for all sorts of contributors, and if you're interested in finding out how you can contribute, please check the contrib link below.%r%rWhat this is:%r%r%tTaladan is just one guy.  He's doing this currently by himself, but it's a project that the whole community will benefit from.  It is a chance to bring MU* to a new generation of coders -- people who are interested in python and may find a love for Text Based gaming, particularly because of the extensibility of anything written in Python.  With new coders will come new ideas, new fun things that people want to play with.  Now is our chance, while Evennia is just getting rolling to provide a set of tools that is Open and free to all, but more importantly coded to a standard.  Pegasus follows PEP8 and PEP257, as well as trying to adhere to best code practices in all cases.  If this interests you, keep reading.%r%rWhat this is not:%r%r%tI'm not looking to get people to run an actual game server at this point.  I'm not looking for beta testers...what I'm looking for are people who believe in open source, believe that giving back to the community is the best way to grow the community, and are willing to give freely of their time and talents (whatever they may be!) to help get this project going and off the ground.  We're not trying to start TransWhiteWolfVampire Siego By Twilight or anything.%r%rCan I staff?%r%r%tWhen I get the tooling to the point that I'm ready to start making my own game, I will definitely be willing to work with people who have contributed to this project.  If, in the course of working together we find we click and work well together, sure!  But that's not what this post is about.%r%rSo...contributions?%r%r%tIt's too long to go into on a bbpost, so I'll link to the contributions page.  If I still have your interest, go give it a read.%r%r%thttps://github.com/taladan/Pegasus/wiki/Contribute %r%rI thank you for your time!%r%r--Tal%r
